chore(gateway): Breaking changes for 3.15 (#5604)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/breaking-changes.md

> Existing configuration continues to be used, and all proxy traffic is processed as before the expiration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} continues to use the existing configuration, and all proxy traffic is processed as it was before the license expired.
```
It was feeling a little passive voice
